WARNING!
========

BME V0.11.5 is the last version of BME I will be doing for a while.

There are many reasons for this, not least being my insistence on actually
finishing Final Fantasy 8 at some time and the amount of work I have to do
for exams and stuff. It's taken me five weeks longer than I expected to get
the time to put all this together in one place and compiled. 

This does *NOT* mean I'm giving up on BME. If you're reading this in 2004, 
and still there's been no new version, then it might do... but I doubt I'll
drop BME just yet. I'm still too overwhelmed at how many people actually use it
to stop developing it just yet. (Or at least, how many people *claim* to use 
it... and unless it's a conspiracy to prevent me from getting through 
university, I see no reason they should lie...:-)

However, due to external concerns, I'm going to have to, um... take a 
sabbatical. I also don't want to get burnt out programming, as currently it's
stil something I do for fun and I have this funny idea that if I felt too much
under pressure to get the next version of whatever out, it would stop being 
so fun.


Still, one of the other reasons you won't see any BME for a while is because I'm
starting *another* rewrite. I'm going to do it properly this time - the last
rewrite actually nicked large sections of code from previous versions, and
that's where half my current problems are coming from. When I first started BME
I knew, on the grand scheme of things, practically nothing about programming
under windows. I now know quite a bit about programming under windows, (most of
which I learned whilst writing BME...:-) and I want to do it right this time.
I still have high ambitions for BME, (You'll have to wait a bit to find out
what some of the higher ones are...:-) and the current framework just won't 
support them. However - if I'm going to do it right this time, and I am, I need
to know from the get go what I'm going to include, and what I'm not. 
As a basic guideline, everything that's *currently* in BME should stay, and everything I've decidely taken *out* of BME shall stay out. (Mouse painting...)
Anyway - send your new feature ideas in *now*. I won't implement *any* major
features that I don't have written down before I start. (This was another 
mistake I made last time...)


Jake